Allow filtering single_value mappings (#2)
inorbit-ai/ros_inorbit_samples: inorbit_republisher/README.md

The republisher can map the ROS values to single field (e.g. ``'fruit=apple'``) or to an array of fields (e.g. ``'fruits=[{fruit1: apple, fruit2: orange}, {fruit1: melon, fruit2: apple}]'``). The former is useful to capture simple fields and the latter to get data from an array of values.

### Single field: mapping options

When republishing a single field, you can include a set of ``mapping_options`` for each ``mapping``. These include:

> * `filter`: a lambda expression that can be used to whether to publish the value or not based on a condition. For example, if you'd like to republish only String values that are different than ``SPAMMY STRING`` only, you can do it with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `filter`: a lambda expression that can be used to control whether or not the value is published based on a condition. For example, if you'd like to republish only String values that are different than ``SPAMMY STRING``, you can do it with:
```
